Sun Jan 25 06:52:47 PM EET 2026
___


# Today, i have finished `The Great Gatsby`, i have a little feaver, 
# and trainee Barber just said that he don't need a website that i'm making.


Barber said that he ignored me for 10 days strait only due to him being bysi and 
that he probably will change his workplace, possibly he got himself fired somehow.

That is realy dissapointing for me i already made grayscale initial version of his website.
I get that before he opens his **own salon** that web page is of not mutch use exept:
    - use it as a resume
    - use it as a blog. Unfortunatly, require some learnin of markdown 
    or at least instaling .md editor(like Obsidian) and launch script to deploy
Why am i bothered:
    - i spend time and effort (i hate to waste efforts), and already have desecn grayscale website
    it only lacks authentic images and text
    - i feel like no one needs my skills to make a website

What i've got and learned:
    - **Connection, he asked for websites for his father(some kinda pluming buisnes) and sister(massage buisness)**
    - i need to find currege and choose my clint wisely, that guy can live without website even if it's free 
    - some comunication skills and i describe what he need to give me webpage,
    what is the purpuse of said page and folow it in design 
    - some design, tailwind and astro expirience

## Moving forvard.
I will ask barber to finaly rate my website and tell me if he 
likes it and try to convince him to make me finish it for him
for that i will need text that he wants to put on WebPage and 
accual images of his finished haircuts.

Then i need to figure out my min and max price for His father and sister websites,
if he still introduses me to them i  will negotiate what they need and come up with 
a price and time constraints.
**NOTE: Better check out freelancers prices to come up with my own**

## Ok, now i feel a little better even thou my horrible fever(37.4) have not subsided

# The Great Gatsby 8/10
Good book with a buetiful writing stile, short and mellanholic but a little undervelming.
I expected more of Gatsby and Green lignt but it's rare that we get all we want. 
And i get why in Norvegian Wood Moracami made one of a character a fan of Fisgerald and Conrad(i love Conrad'd **Lord Jim**).

**All rounder** looks at life from a loot of windows around him and we all know it 
easyer to see from one big and still window of a **Specialis**.

Or something like that, that image is on point.
Also list of guesst to Gatsby's party on summer of 192*, 
reminded me of Homer's list of boats from Illiad, in a good way.

In all probably i will reread **The Great Gatsby** some time due to its style and shortness.
8/10


